Finish up prerequisites (#265)
gtk-rs/gtk4-rs: book/src/prerequisites.md

> # Prerequisites

Reviewer: Should this include a paragraph about getting GTK4 and installing the Rust toolchain (e.g. via rustup)?

Reviewer: I mean, separate from the `cargo` / `cargo + meson` sections

Author: I thought about that. 
However, they are only two sentences and I am afraid that the overview gets worse if I put this separate.

> There are a few recommended ways to set up your working station in order to develop `gtk-rs` applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few recommended ways to set up your workstation in order to develop `gtk-rs` applications.
```

Or "development environment" maybe?

Let us go through them one by one.

## Cargo

[Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/index.html) is Rust's build system and package manager.
If following the book is all you care about, using only Cargo will work fine for you.

Let us begin by installing all necessary tools.
First follow the instructions on the [GTK website](https://www.gtk.org/docs/installations/) in order to install GTK 4.
Then install Rust with [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

Now create a new project by executing:
```bash
cargo new my-gtk-app
```

Add the following lines to your `Cargo.toml`.
```toml
[dependencies.gtk]
version = "0.1"
package = "gtk4"
```

Now you can run your application by executing:
```bash
cargo run
```

## Cargo + Meson

> Cargo is *nearly* enough, but it is not well suited for handling resources such as icons or UI files.

Reviewer 2: I would add handling translation through gettext as well

Author: Kind of included in "GTK functionality".

I can replace "GTK functionality" with actual examples, but I wonder if that might be confusing for total GTK beginners

Reviewer 2: I don't see any mention of "GTK functionality"? I wouldn't go too specific in details but still give few reasons of what Meson would simplify for the developer.

Author: Sure, which ones would you deem the most important?

Reviewer 2: It simplifies a bunch of things: 
- Translations: Simplify a bunch of stuff through the gettext module like translating appdata/desktop files or installing translations
- Building/installing GResources (UI files and all)
- Installing files such as icons

Reviewer: Also settings, the schemas

That is why we recommend to use [Meson](https://mesonbuild.com/) on top of it.

> It is cross-platform, its syntax is very readable and it offers many convenience functionalities for GTK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is cross-platform, its syntax is very readable and it offers many convenience features for GTK.
```

You have to execute it every time you modify your application.
```bash
ninja -C build && ninja -C build install
```

Now the application should be in a folder included in your system path.
You can either start it with the application launcher of your choice or in the terminal.

## Cargo + Meson + Flatpak

If you develop on Linux, using Flatpak is the most convenient option.
With Flatpak your whole workflow is containerized and your users get the very same application you develop on (including all dependencies). 
You only have to assure that Flatpak is installed on your system, check this [website](https://flatpak.org/setup/) to see if any steps are necessary on your distribution.
Also download the [gtk-rust-template](https://gitlab.gnome.org/bilelmoussaoui/gtk-rust-template) and initialize it.

Then either install:

- [GNOME Builder](https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.gnome.Builder) or
- [VSCodium](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.vscodium.codium) together with the [rust-analyzer](https://open-vsx.org/extension/matklad/rust-analyzer) and [flatpak](https://open-vsx.org/extension/bilelmoussaoui/flatpak-vscode) extensions.

That is it.

> Both IDEs will install all necessary dependencies for you, with GNOME Builder you only have to press the run button for that.

Reviewer 2: That's not actually true, only Builder is capable of doing so. Unless you meant the application dependencies

Author: I thought runtime is installed by the extension or is this only planned?

Reviewer 2: It was never the case? planned, yes, no idea when i will get the time to look at it. Also, currently, only the GNOME 40 runtime contains gtk4, so you can probably just be explicit about how to install both the rust sdk & gnome one. and we can remove that once both IDEs can handle installing the extensions just fine.

# Prerequisites

There are a few recommended ways to set up your workstation in order to develop `gtk-rs` applications.
Let us go through them one by one.

## Cargo

[Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/index.html) is Rust's build system and package manager.
If following the book is all you care about, using only Cargo will work fine for you.

Let us begin by installing all necessary tools.
First follow the instructions on the [GTK website](https://www.gtk.org/docs/installations/) in order to install GTK 4.
Then install Rust with [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

Now create a new project by executing:
```bash
cargo new my-gtk-app
```

Add the following lines to your `Cargo.toml`.
```toml
[dependencies.gtk]
version = "0.1"
package = "gtk4"
```

Now you can run your application by executing:
```bash
cargo run
```

## Cargo + Meson

Cargo is *nearly* enough, but it is not well suited for handling resources such as icons or UI files.
That is why we recommend to use [Meson](https://mesonbuild.com/) on top of it.
It is cross-platform and its syntax is very readable.
Meson takes care of
- translations

> - building and installing GResources

Reviewer 2: Could use a link to what a GResource is https://developer.gnome.org/gio/stable/GResource.html

Author: I think, I'll link to the corresponding chapter in the book instead.
Good point though :)

> - installing auxiliary files such as icons and schemas

Reviewer 2: Same for the schemas here https://developer.gnome.org/GSettings/ I guess
